db: Print last dqlite entry (#14378)
canonical/lxd: doc/howto/cluster_form.md

You can form the LXD cluster interactively by providing configuration information during the initialization process or by using preseed files that contain the full configuration.

> To quickly and automatically set up a basic LXD cluster, you can use [MicroCloud](https://canonical.com/microcloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To quickly and automatically set up a basic LXD cluster, you can use {ref}`MicroCloud <use-microcloud>`.
```
